Update _introduction.md (#158)
Accelo/docs: source/includes/_introduction.md

deployment. Note, all authorization endpoints are accessed through the OAuth2.0 base URI, which is different from the
resource base URI, see the [authentication section](#oauth2-uri) for more information.

> ## API Application Load Balancer (ALB)

Reviewer: This heading might be better as `Cipher Suites` or similar rather than being load balancer specific.

Author: Hi @Timothy-Edwards sounds good. Can I update this from here?

The API ALBs only support cipher suites graded as being strongly secure. All incoming requests to the Accelo API will require TLS 1.2 and must support one or more of the following ciphers:

* ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256
* ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256
* ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384

> * ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384

Reviewer 2: This seems overly technical, and likely to become stale (eg do we really not support TLS 1.3?) - I'd lean more towards a general statement of using secure ciphers, maybe with reference to something that lists insecure ciphers that we no longer support (AWS docs of "don't use this" if such a page exists)

Reviewer: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/create-https-listener.html#:~:text=your%20load%20balancer.-,Security%20policies,-Elastic%20Load%20Balancing Might do the trick

deployment. Note, all authorization endpoints are accessed through the OAuth2.0 base URI, which is different from the
resource base URI, see the [authentication section](#oauth2-uri) for more information.

## Cipher Suites

> We advise using cipher suites that are graded as being strongly secure. The folliwng guide provides details about insecure ciphers that we no longer support. 
> https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/create-https-listener.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to maintain security for Accelo and our customers, we may need to stop using old cipher suites; this could cause problems for users utilising older SSL/TLS libraries.
Before doing so we will ensure that this will not affect the majority of our users, and will work with those that would be impacted.
See the below link for technical details, as of 2023 we are using `ELBSecurityPolicy-FS-1-2-Res-2019-08`. 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/create-https-listener.html#fs-supported-policies
```
@nick-clark84 I did a rewrite; @bretthagelstein are you happy with this level of info?

Reviewer 3: Please update the cipher name to `ELBSecurityPolicy-FS-1-2-Res-2020-10` and I'm on board
